Update README (#270)
Akuli/catris: README.md

# catris

This is a Tetris clone for multiple players that connect to a server with netcat or a web interface.
You can play it here: https://catris.net/

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

My server is in Europe, so the game may be very laggy if you're not in Europe.
Please create an issue if this is a problem for you.

## Architecture

I bought `catris.net` from namecheap and connected it to a Linode server that has:
- nginx (configuration is in `catris-nginx-site`, serves files from `web-ui/`)
- the rust program (binary copied to server with `scp`, started and stopped with `catris.service`)
- HTTPS setup done with LetsEncrypt and certbot

The rust program listens on two TCP ports,
54321 for websocket connections and 12345 for plain TCP connections (e.g. netcat).

> Both connections use [ANSI escape codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code) defined in `ansi.rs`.

Author: ```suggestion
Both connections use [ANSI escape codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code).
```

This means that the javascript code in `web-ui/` must interpret ANSI codes,
but on the other hand it also makes the rust code simpler,
because it needs to use ANSI codes for raw TCP connections anyway.

When running locally, the javascript code in `web-ui/` connects a websocket to port 54321.
On `catris.net`, it instead connects to port 443 (the default https port),
and nginx proxies the connection to port 12345 on the server.
In fact, in `catris.net` the server listens to websocket connections only on localhost.
This has several advantages:
- You can play catris if you have a firewall that only allows port 443 out.
- The rust program doesn't need special privileges to listen on port 443.
- I don't have to configure the rust code to look at the certificate files, because nginx does that.
- If there is a security bug in the websocket libraries I use (unlikely in rust),
    it may be impossible to exploit through nginx
    because nginx parses and validates the structure of each request.

> - This is a common design that many people are familiar with.

Author: ```suggestion
- This seems to be a common design that many people are familiar with.
```
